This directory contains example data for use with the dial-a-cluster
application.  There is only one sample dataset, as follows:

weather-dac-gen -- a multivariate time series dataset containing weather 
statistics over the year 2014 for the top 100 most populated cities in the US,
taken from the weather underground web site.  This folder contains the generic
dial-a-cluster format described below.

weather-pts -- the same data set in the "pts" format.  The "pts" format is an
internal format which is described in "pts-format-notes.txt".

The files in the weather-dac-gen (zipped) directory conform to the generic 
dial-a-cluster format.  All the files are comma separated.  The files have
to be in a .zip file to be read into the wizard and the .zip file can't
have extra files (not mentioned below).  This is important when zipping
the directory on a Mac, because of the .DS_Store files.

Also important, the directory has to be zipped from within the folder containing
the files described below, i.e. when the file is unzipped it must have only
the directories var/ dist/ time/ and the .dac file.

The central index file (selected using the wizard) is:

datapoints.dac -- information on the data points, must include a header
that describes each column.  Following the header are rows 
for each datapoint (so there should be same number of rows as the number 
of rows in each of the .var files).  For the push script (dac-create-model.py,
which only works without single sign-on) the name has to be "datapoints.dac".
For the wizard it only has to have the ".dac" extension.

In the "time" directory:

variable_1.time -- containing the values of the time steps for the first
variable.  Note that this don’t actually have to be time steps, but are
the x-axis values.

...

variable_n.time -- there are n variables.

In the "var" directory:

variable_1.var -- actual time series, assumed rectified, one time series 
per row, must have equal lengths, but different variables can have different lengths.

...

variable_n.var -- there are n time series variables.

variables.meta -- information on the time series for plotting, has three 
tab delimited columns with header: Name, Time Units, Units, Plot Type.  Following 
the header are rows for each time series (so there should be n rows + 
the header).  For Plot Type there are three choices: Curve, Bar, and Scatter.
These options refer to plot type, where curve is a traditional time series type
representation, bar is a histogram type plot, and scatter is a point plot.

In the "dist" directory is derived data:

variable_1.dist -- pairwise distance matrix between each 
time series in variable_1.var

...

variable_n.dist -- n time series
